Migrate Agent Key Polling to Authd module (#4461)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/agents/key-request.rst

How it works
------------

The key request feature allows to fetch agent keys from an external source, for example, a database. This provides a mechanism to auto-register agents when they are not registered on a manager instance but reporting to it.

Once the ``<key_request>`` tag is enabled in the Authd configuration, it allows retrieving the agent information from an external database, like MySQL or any database engine, for registering it to the ``client.keys`` file.

To do this, it is necessary to create a binary or script in any language that can be integrated into your database engine and thus request the agents' information. The ``key_request`` tag must be added to the Authd configuration block.

Below you can see the flow diagram:

.. thumbnail:: ../../images/manual/key-request/key-request-flow.png
  :title: Agent key request module flow diagram
  :align: center
  :width: 100%

Input
-----

If the ``socket`` tag is not specified in the configuration block, the key request module will call the executable with the following parameters, depending on the fetching type:

- Fetch agent information by ID
- Fetch agent information by IP

> When polling by ID, the manager will retrieve the agent key by querying its ID. So the input parameters that the program will receive are as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When polling by ID, the manager retrieves the agent key by querying its ID. The input parameters that the program receives are as the following:
```

::

  ./agent_key_request.py id 001

> When fetching by IP address, the manager will retrieve the agent key by querying his IP address. So the input parameters that the program will receive are as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When fetching by IP address, the manager retrieves the agent key by querying his IP address. The input parameters that the program receives are as the following:
```

When the ``socket`` tag is specified the module will send the parameters through the specified socket and read the response. The performance improvement over executing the program, as it is explained above, is significant.

> The format in which the program will receive the data is ``option:value``, where option can be ``id`` or ``ip`` depending on the fetching type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format in which the program receives the data is ``option:value``, where option can be ``id`` or ``ip`` depending on the fetching type.
```
